README.md, before:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/WFTDA/bouttime.svg?style=svg&circle-token=9b5d2312f6063d633b844c97c873653c13b26513)](https://circleci.com/gh/WFTDA/bouttime)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/repos/55a800846956803db000be62/badges/e17304ef5725e2dbdf69/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/55a800846956803db000be62/feed)

# Prerequisites

BoutTime requires version 0.10.x of [node.js](https://nodejs.org/) to run, which
can be installed from their website. Note this is an older version and we are
working on bringing the application up to date.

Alternatively, you may install node on OSX via [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)

    $ brew install node010

# Using the Alpha Release

You can install the current alpha release via NPM (note: this software is not
ready for production use).

    $ npm install -g wftda-bouttime

Once it is installed you can run it using the following command:

    $ bouttime-server

With the BoutTime server running in the background, open a browser to
`http://localhost:3000` to use the app.

To update to a newer version, use this command:

    $ npm update -g wftda-bouttime

**Note:** At this present moment, the software is considered alpha so we are
discouraging regular installations in favor of local development installs.
Please bear with us as we bring the app up to a releaseable state.

# Development

Use `setup.sh` (i.e. `./setup.sh`) to install the necessary dependencies or
follow the steps below to get your development environment up and running:

    $ npm install -g bower gulp
    $ npm install
    $ npm link # Link from your globally installed node modules

`gulp watch` will automatically recompile assets when source files are changed

    $ gulp watch # Build and watch for changes with gulp

Start the server via `bouttime-server` or `nodemon bin/bouttime-server` to
listen for changes during development and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`.

## Publishing

Publish package to the NPM repository:

    $ #Bump version numbers
    $ gulp package
    $ git commit -am "Version bump"
    $ git tag alpha.x.y.z #where alpha.x.y.z is the major,minor,version
    $ git push origin master --tags
    $ npm publish

Commit message:

Add warning to readme (#139)
Make it clear that installing via NPM is not currently the preferred method

README.md, after:

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/WFTDA/bouttime.svg?style=svg&circle-token=9b5d2312f6063d633b844c97c873653c13b26513)](https://circleci.com/gh/WFTDA/bouttime)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/repos/55a800846956803db000be62/badges/e17304ef5725e2dbdf69/gpa.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/repos/55a800846956803db000be62/feed)

# Prerequisites

BoutTime requires version 0.10.x of [node.js](https://nodejs.org/) to run, which
can be installed from their website. Note this is an older version and we are
working on bringing the application up to date.

Alternatively, you may install node on OSX via [Homebrew](http://brew.sh/)

    $ brew install node010

# Using the Alpha Release

You can install the current alpha release via NPM

---
### WARNING!

Installing via NPM is not currently recommended.
We recommend [installing for local development](#development)

---


    $ npm install -g wftda-bouttime

Once it is installed you can run it using the following command:

    $ bouttime-server

With the BoutTime server running in the background, open a browser to
`http://localhost:3000` to use the app.

To update to a newer version, use this command:

    $ npm update -g wftda-bouttime

**Note:** At this present moment, the software is considered alpha so we are
discouraging regular installations in favor of local development installs.
Please bear with us as we bring the app up to a releaseable state.

# Development

Use `setup.sh` (i.e. `./setup.sh`) to install the necessary dependencies or
follow the steps below to get your development environment up and running:

    $ npm install -g bower gulp
    $ npm install
    $ npm link # Link from your globally installed node modules

`gulp watch` will automatically recompile assets when source files are changed

    $ gulp watch # Build and watch for changes with gulp

Start the server via `bouttime-server` or `nodemon bin/bouttime-server` to
listen for changes during development and navigate to `http://localhost:3000`.

## Publishing

Publish package to the NPM repository:

    $ #Bump version numbers
    $ gulp package
    $ git commit -am "Version bump"
    $ git tag alpha.x.y.z #where alpha.x.y.z is the major,minor,version
    $ git push origin master --tags
    $ npm publish
